In this project, I have initially automated some functinalities of TheScore Mobile Application in Cucumber BDD framework with POM design pattern.

I have fist manually automated and checked all functionalities of the application. I have set up Appium server, Appium inspector and manually tested out on Android Vertual Device (Android Emulator) and inspected all the elements of major functionalities. I have created Maven project and used Page Object Model design pattern to build a Cucumber BDD framework for the project. I have centralized all dependencies on pom.exml file. I have created feature files and used Gherkin language to create user stories and test cases, and parameterized the key words in each step. Corresponding step definition classes are created and codes are written using objects and methods that I created in pages class. In pages class, for each page of the application, I created a pages class and located all elements of the page using locators with @AndroidFindBy polimorphism, and used PageFactory class to initiallize all elements. In utilities package, I created Driver class and used singleton design pattern to set up Appium driver with necessary desired capabilities. Other utilities such as MobileUtils and ConfigReader are also created for related methods. I created Runners package with test runner class where I used all annotations for engines, feature, glue, report etc. I used Junit assertion method to verify the page title, player name and related information for each step of the automation.

The test runs with "mvn clean install" command on commend line. In this task, i have used maven test life cycle on intelliJ, cleaned the target file, and tested it, so that jvm compiles and converts the source code into machine code and prodecus desirable results.  
